Documentation for Product/Service Site - React, Eleanor Post

This site allows users to make, store, and delete notes. Notes can be assigned colours, due dates, and contents. The colours allow for visual sorting of the notes, and due dates facilitate shcheduling via click and google calendar.

This app is designed to allow for transition to a premium account, which would allow for a greater number of notes to be stored (note limits are not yet implemented.) The white space above and to the sides of elements is also set aside to allow for insertion of ads for free-class users, to extract income from them too.

React is used to present each view, the login, signup, account information, note creation, and note viewing pages. It is also used to provide an up-to-date note count in the upper right corner, to display the individual notes, to display a copyright date matched to the current year in the bottom right, and to provide all of the information inside the account information page (loaded out from the mongo site)

MVC is integral in the organization of the site. While the maker and client pages are what the users interact with, all the business logic is carried out in the controllers, and the data is stored in the back end -- the Mongo database.

Mongo stored the individual accounts, the relevant information to the accounts, the attatched notes, and the information stored on each note. The Account data stored includes the username, salt, password, date of creation, type of account, and class. The Notes store the title of each notecard, the body information, the owner (the attatched account), the date of creation, the due date for the card (if applicable, otherwise defaulting to the date of creation), and the colour of the notecard.

My templating language was handlebars. I used it to maintain seperation between the logged in and logged out users, so that they cannot access values that should not be available to them.

I went above and beyond in my development of the note cards themselves, and in streamlining the site navigation system. The note cards are highly customizable, and display in special downwards rows that flex according to screen size, to maintain even rows, even when the notes can be of varying heights, and change in number over time. The site as a whole has been reformatted to be much more modern and attractive than it began. The nav bar provides different options across the site pages depending on what screen is selected, to keep the available topics useful to the user at the time and declutter the nav bar. Also I made new icons for the project, so I hope that counts towards something.

I was not in a group.